THE POOPIE LIST

Bathroom Humor at its finest:

Ghost Poopie
     The kind where you feel the poopie come out, but there is no poopie in
     the toilet.

Clean Poopie
     The kind where you poopie it out, see it in the toilet, but there is
     nothing on the toilet paper.

Wet Poopie
     The kind where you wipe your butt 50 times and it still feels unwiped,
     so you have to put some toilet paper between your butt and underwear
     so you won't ruin them with a stain.

Second Wave Poopie
     This happens when you're done Poopie-ing and you've pulled up your
     pants to your knees, and you realize that you have to Poopie some
     more.

Pop-A-Vein-In-Your-Forehead-Poopie
     The kind where you strain so much to get it out, you practically have
     a stroke.

Gassy Poopie
     It's so noisy, everyone within earshot is laughing.

Drinker Poopie
     The kind of Poopie you have the morning after a long night of
     drinking. Its most noticeable trait is the skid marks on the bottom of
     the toilet.

Lincoln Log Poopie
     The kind of Poopie that is so huge you're afraid to flush without
     first breaking it into little pieces with the toilet brush.

Corn Poopie
     Self-explanatory.

Gee-I-Wish-I-Could-Poopie Poopie
     The kind where you want to Poopie but all you do is sit on the toilet
     and fart a few times.

Spinal Tap Poopie
     That's where it hurts so badly coming out, you would swear it was
     leaving you sideways.

Wet Cheeks Poopie (The Power Dump)
     The kind that comes out of your butt so fast, your butt gets splashed
     with water.

Liquid Poopie
     The kind where yellowish-brown liquid shoots out your butt and
     splashes all over the toilet bowl.

Mexican Poopie
     It smells so bad your nose burns.

The Surprise Poopie
     You're not even at the toilet because you are sure you're about to
     fart, but oops.......a Poopie!!!

The Dangling Poopie
     This Poopie refuses to drop into the toilet even though you know you
     are done Poopie-ing it. You just pray that a shake or two will cut it
     loose.

