			THE EFFECTS OF ROCK MUSIC


  A fifteen year old Tampa Bay boy filled his mouth with lighter fluid and blew
it out of his mouth across a torch,  like Gene Simmons of KISS, and the  flame
 came back and burned over thirty-five percent of  his  upper body.  Rock music
has been around for quite a while.   Everybody listens to it at least once in
their life.   A  lot of people don't see anything wrong with it, but rock music
can and does affect the minds and lives of teenagers.

  The  teenagers of today have a choice of whether they want to listen  to rock
music or not,  but rock musicBus everywhere.   The average teenager listens  to
over six hours of rock music a day.   This means  that  when their friends see
them,  they are more than likely going to be listening to  rock music.	 There
is even rock music in the schools.   It is  true that  a  band  hall is a place
for music,  but  not  rock  music  played throughout the lunch shifts.

  Admittedly,   rock  music  is a very good business as far  as  money  is
concerned.  Rock musicians make millions of dollars every year, but what are
 they  going to spend that much money on?   After they buy  all  the houses
 and cars that they want,  most of them buy and use drugs.    The Rolling
Stones,  for instance,  is into turning children onto heroin and cocaine.
 Keith Richards, of The Rolling Stones,  had a drug habit that ran up to
ten-thousand dollars a day.

  Rock music can also hurt a teenager physically.  The volume of the music can
 hurt the ears of anyone who listens to it at a loud  volume.    Ted Nugent is
deaf in one ear because of the volume of the music he has been playing.    The
 Concord SSC has been prohibited  from  taking  off  and landing in many cities
because it takes off and lands at one-hundred and forty  db's  of  sound.   The
Rolling Stones have been recorded  as  the world's loudest concert at
one-hundred and seventy six db's of sound.

  Most of the rock and roll superstars do use drugs.   A person could walk into
 a concert and literally choke on the air  from all  the  marijuana  that is
being smoked.   Grace Slick,   formerly  of Jefferson Starship,  used alcohol,
 marijuana,  cocaine and LSD when she played her music.  She named her son God
and tried to get into the White House  to  spike  the  tea with LSD.   Linda
Ronstadt has  had  her  nose cauterized  twice  for snorting cocaine.   This is
a great shock to  her fans because she is thought of as "sweet and innocent."
Johnny Barnnetti shoveled fake cocaine to the crowd while singing about it.
  These  are just  a few examples,  but there are thousands more that use  and
 abuse drugs.

  Some rock musicians even glorify drugs in their songs as the Beatles did in
their song,  "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds." They are disguising it pretty
well but  it is plain  to  see  that they are glorifying the drug LSD.

  A  lot  of  rock  musicians put evil things into  their  lyrics.    Some
musicians are in the occult and worship Satan himself.	 The Bible tells people
 to turn away from that which is evil and to have nothing  to  do with it.

  Some  of  the  colleges and universities  actually  have  classes  about
witchcraft.    The  Bible also says that those who use witchcraft  or  a person
 who is a witch will be driven away from the people by the  Lord.  A  spokesman
 from a popular record label says that witchcraft  is  very popular and it
makes the albums sell.	Some acid rock artists even go to their  occult
 priests and tell them to make one demon  spirit  go  onto every record that
comes off of the master record.   Then, every time the needle touches the
record, the demon will be released.

  A  lot of the groups are evil themselves.   Bob Ezrin,  the producer  of
KISS,    describes  the  group  as  "symbols  of  unfettered  evil   and
sensuality."  Gene Simmons,  the lead singer of the group,  has  stated that he
has always wanted to be God.   KISS has a comic book out that is the  best
selling comic book ever.   They had blood samples taken and put the  blood on
the printing plates so they could say the comic  book  was printed  in  the
blood of KISS.	 Gene Simmons has often  wondered  what human flesh tastes
like.

  Jimmy Page, from the group Led Zeppelin, is fascinated with black magic.  Led
 Zeppelin's  logo on their albums looks like  Lucifer  falling  from heaven.

  Stevie Nicks,  of Fleetwood Mac,  is into the occult and she believes in
spirits.   She believes in reincarnation,  she wants to talk to a ghost, and
 she wants to build her own pyramid and live in a witch house.	 She usually
wears witches clothes when she is on stage.

  The  rock group Queen is mostly made up of bisexuals,  which their  name
suggests.   In one of their more popular songs they sing the blasphemous
chorus, "All going down to see the Lord Jesus!" This further proves the satanic
world of this group.   Also,   lead singer Freddie Murcury says, "On stage, I
am a devil."

  The  group  Styx does not really appear to be satanic,  but  their  name
refers  to  the  first  river  the shadow of the dead  come  to  in  the
underworld in Greek Mythology.

  The  lyrics  are what really affect the minds of teenagers because  most
people don't know very much about the groups they listen to.   Here  are some
lyrics from one of KISS's songs called,  "God of Thunder":   "I was raised by
demons.   Trained to reign as Thor.   God of Thunder,  and rock and roll .  .
.  The spell you're under will slowly rob you of your virgin soul."  To say
they were raised by demons is enough,  but they say they will rob you of your
virgin soul.

  A song by Rick Derringer says, "Take me to the bottom.  Show me where to sell
my soul.  A promise sealed in blood .  .  .  It doesn't feel so wrong, that
 sweet,  sweet evil."  The name of the song is "Sweet  Evil"   and proves that
they are evil if they think it is sweet.

  Another  group  that shows they are evil is AC/DC.   One of  their  most
popular songs is entitled, "Hell's Bells." Some of the lyrics are,  "If God is
on the left,  I'm on the right.   If you're into evil,  you're  a friend of
mine." The words of the song speak for themselves.

  A group called Blue Oyster Cult has a song called,  "Divine Wind," which is
 a  chant  of ingredients for a potion  which  means  they  are  into
witchcraft.  Some of the words are, "Blood of bat; Tail of newt; Wing of metal;
 Bone of steel;  Vial of health; Flask of pain;  Staff of life of poison  rain;
 If he really thinks we're evil,  then let's send  him  to Hell."

  Sex  is more predominant than anything else in the lyrics and the groups
themselves.   Gene Simmons says that KISS is concerned with sex and very little
else.   Wendy O.  Williams, lead singer of the Plasmatics, usually appears
 topless  at some point in her concerts.   Before she  uses  her trusty
sledgehammer to destroy speakers and amplifiers,  she uses it  to masterbate in
public and has been arrested in two major cities for doing so.	 She also has
orgasms when she sings her songs,   especially during one of her songs called,
"Butcher Baby."

  David Lee Roth, lead singer for Van Halen, says he lives out one-hundred
percent  of  his fantasies with pretty women that he meets on the  road.  Elton
 John says he can have sex with either male or female  and  thinks that people
should be free with it.   Alice Cooper makes love with a  boa constrictor and a
mannequin during some of his concerts.

  Daryl Hall, of Hall and Oates,  says the idea of having sex with another man
doesn't turn him off.   The manager of Village  People  is trying to write
songs that will make the gay people more  acceptable.  Rod Stewart has always
wanted to be attractive to men because that's half the people that buy his
records.   Rob Halford has been known  to "drop his leather drawers
mid-concert."  The reason for all the sex on stage is because it makes the
records sell a lot better.

  Today's  rock musicians put sex into their songs mainly to put sex  into the
minds of the teenager who listen to it.   Just the titles of some of AC/DC's
songs are bad enough, like "Big Balls,  Love at First Feel,  and Let me put my
Love into You."  Another song by AC/DC is, "Given the Dog a Bone,"  which goes
like this:  ".  .  .  GoizgE²down to her knees,   down, down to ninety degrees
.  .  .  I'm just givin'  the dog a bone."  This is obviously talking about a
man having oral sex with a woman.

  Ted  Nugent's  song  called,  "Wango Tango,"  says  "When  I  need  some
lubrication, baby, prop down, get a butt propped up.  Now you're in the right
position, baby." He talks about sadomasochism in his song, "Violent Love." Ted
Nugent is not satisfied with that.  He opened a concert with, "Wang Dang
Sweetpoontang," which says, "Oh Madine, you're a teenage queen, so d-----
clean, especially down in between."

  Pink Floyd says he needs a dirty woman and a dirty girl to make him feel like
a man.	 The Cars say they want to melt inside of you.	  Dr.   Hook gets very
vulgar when he says, "Sometimes I dream of chicks, sometimes I dream  of
 animals,  sometimes I dream of boys."  This is from  a  song called,  "Get My
Rocks Off." And finally, Alice Cooper describes having sex with a dead person
in his song, "Cold Ethyl."

  Some people have tried to stop rock music from getting too powerful, but they
 all  have  failed.   James Watt,  formerly the  Secretary  of  the Interior,
 tried to stop the Beach Boys from playing at the 1983  Fourth of July
Celebration,  but President and Mrs.   Reagan told him that  they were friends
 of theirs and that their kids grew  up  with  them.  After this,   Watt
decided to change his mind.   Many more attempts have  been made.  Some have
come closer than others, but they still can't stop rock music  from  being
heard.	 Rock music can be heard  everywhere.    It's hurting  teenagers  every
 time they listen to it,  but rock  music  has settled  down  in  the past
years,  and more and  more  Christian  radio stations are being started.
Hopefully, this is a sign of what's to come in the future.

  Doug Reames, El Dorado, Arkansas


